OK so now we need to make use of this Rydex premise and I'm sorry that sometimes I say redux instead
of redux you know with different accent because in my country they'd say redux.
You know it's confusing for me.
I'm sorry for that.
Let's keep moving forward.
If I say redux you know that it's redux that's fine.
We need to install this promise.
The real problem is that this middleware.
So we get to go to the terminal.
I'm going to say View integrated terminal.
And whenever you install new dependencies it's always good to kill the process right here.
So in Windows if you do Control-C is going to ask a terminal BATSHAW.
Yes.
Did you just yes.
If your Mac is going to be Kamensky.
No real simple.
So we need to install redux promise.
So I'm going to say NPM install and then read UX and then promise promise it is going to be mine is
mine to save and he's going to do all the installing.
It's not just that just a few seconds but I'm going to just pause the video just to make it make everything
faster.
Right so everything is installed.
So I'm going to go right here and I'm going to do.
PM start again.
All right.
We're going to bring this down.
And right.
So we need to connect this redux promise.
It's install on our computer.
So we need to do some set up.
I'm going to go I'm going to go to the index dodginess and the worry is set up it's really really simple.
We have it ready for for us right here.
So what we need to do first see since we installed a new dependency we need to import that.
So I'm going to say import and it's going to call promise made aware.
All right.
That's fine and is going to say from and it's going to be redux promise.
Very good.
So now in order to use this what we do we just can't just copy this and we go right here inside apply
middleware and we just put it right here.
It's that simple.
If you have more hours maybe to do something else because you could have a lot of malwares you just
just stacking them there just coma and you add and you were just simple as that.
So since you're going to use just for now the promise the redox promise is just going to use one.
OK that's good.
So if I just reload the page and go right here and type for it.
Notice that we get the type we get the payload.
And this we now we get a response and we are not getting that promise.
So I'm going to go right here and just open all this.
Ok we get a payload and get a lot of data on the payload you know have the body headers.
You have a lot of information and we have one more problem that we need to solve.
We have a lot of information but the data it's not like here it's not a it's not a promise or something
else but we don't have the data.
Now the thing is that with fetch We need to do something else the response the actual Jason.
It's not available in there.
We need to do some more set up with fetch.
And that's why I use Axel's.
It's simpler actually.
Whenever you call ASIO's is going to give you the actual Jason.
You don't need to do more set up.
So what we need to do right here we need to do that then we can use then and then inside here we're
going to call that response and then the response is going to be equal to.
And we can at we convert the response to Jason's response and then Jason and we convert everything.
So this is it's going to do it's going to grab that response we're getting.
And it's just fetching that Jason the data we need and it's good to return that response.
You know is going to sign.
Response to response responses Jason so I'm going to do forward.
And this time instead of a response we get the actual Jasen the array of data.
Right.
So that is working.
You know it was a lot of work just to get this working but now it's available and we can do a lot of
things with this.
So OK.
Let's go to the next section.
We can begin to grab this information we can to create a reduce or to grab this information the one
that we are getting right here because as for now we are calling the we do sorry we are just canceling
the data we are.
We are getting to ground this data create the actual reducer and whenever we get this information we
will update the results state with this.